[BPK-4433] Calendar accessibility improvements(iOS) (#759)
Skyscanner/backpack-react-native: UNRELEASED.md

# Unreleased

**Breaking:**

> - Improved accessibility of the calendar, `BpkCalendar`. When setting the `selectionType` prop it's no longer enough to use e.g. `SELECTION_TYPES.single`. Instead of `SELECTION_TYPES` there are three new functions to use: `makeSingleSelection`, `makeRangeSelection`, `makeMultipleSelection`. These expected a few additional string arguments for screen reader users. Read more in the [migration guide](docs/14.0.0-calendar-accessibility-migration.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved accessibility of the calendar, `BpkCalendar`. When setting the `selectionType` prop it's no longer enough to use e.g. `SELECTION_TYPES.single`. Instead of `SELECTION_TYPES` there are three new functions to use: `makeSingleSelection`, `makeRangeSelection`, `makeMultipleSelection`. These expect a few additional string arguments for assistive technology users. Read more in the [migration guide](docs/14.0.0-calendar-accessibility-migration.md)
```
